how you made this
some girl gave that to me to give to
them and then they canceled the show
you know i know somebody that tours with
them with the phantoms
i could give it to him
her name's vienna she's helping us out
that's not your real name now
you guys just keep multiplying
you with them what here's the band too
right
oh yeah how do you get accepted
you're invited
i don't think you should get mixed with
him
you understand you know we're almost
broke
like yeah i heard some monroe guy has
all your money
things are going to change around here
yeah bet on it
[Music]
we have to behave like a band how are we
supposed to travel 2 500 miles
before these i see we talked to them
yeah my wolf
my big bad wolf
[Music]
a lot of people here want you out she
has to go
do you have any idea how hard i work
keep this band on his feet you know what
i have to do
i got a crazy kid on my hands you messed
him up
now you better lock your doors tonight
the devil's out
[Music]
how do you do it how do you survive this
place
i'm surprised you haven't heard about it
they call it chris tucker and jackie
chan of course
yeah you know we were we're actually
thinking about you know
doing bigger stuff you know me and my
brother you know thinking about it for
the right direction you guys are
brothers she's
incredible everyone knows what a porn
star can give
stability your listener greatest lay on
earth
think what you and i should do if we
teamed up we could be on those dvd
covers together oh you want to be a star
of me
i can't be a star there aren't good
roles for asian american men
you're a famous rapper and you found
this japanese tourist this is a comedy
stereotypes are funny
you could be the chinese bruce lee of
porn you can and will be a star
we're looking for some actors who are
pretty ballsy we'll do whatever it takes
to get in this business
you'll do anything i ask we do things no
other men in this business will do
what what do they call you guys mopes
you're basically extras i'm tired of
pretending this is all i am
you just can't get to the balls it's not
in the cards for us to be the guys on
video covers
we weren't trying hard enough we didn't
want it bad enough but that's all
changing
right here right now
[Music]
well you don't love what you do you want
to share that with the world i suck
at the thing i love to do you guys said
you were the jackie chan
and chris tucker poor armpit sniffer 16.
that's all me
you are the most unprofessional stupid
mo
tragic in for a porn star wanted for
killing a colleague with a samurai sword
police say the suspect went on a rampage
tuesday at a van nuys porn studio and
killed
his name steve driver in terms of porn
circles and no it wasn't a household
name
the pair was described in one report as
the jackie chan and
chris tucker of porn
do you know how i know your remote
because you don't know your mop
[Music]
is
me
[Music]
[Applause]
i will never get over seeing miss june
team cleaning toilets
the winner of miss june team will
receive a full
scholarship to any historically black
institution of your trips
good luck i know that you are looking to
replicate
your success what's her problem i beat
her
when we get the new place we can bring
you all more reckon i hate to see you
working so hard
i'm doing the best i can i don't have
the rest of the money
we don't do credit we don't do layaway
you got something for her account
you know i can't carry that kind of
money on me girl
i'm right by y'all this time i've been
hauling down a long time around here
she's my dream now i'm gonna make sure
that she's something that we
if i make the dance team i can get me a
scholarship
i don't have my daughter out there
dancing like that i don't know no school
handing out a full arrival
you better hope your grades turn out
right where's your homework you worry
about the wrong thing
i need you to focus on your studies let
me tell you about this miss juneteenth
is here to prepare you for the future
your dinner
knife that is your salad knife one would
surely not eat the main course with them
we are expecting greatness why you
making me do it
didn't do nothing for you
but not ever see you at my house again
you always
embarrass me i'm not cute
that's me
[Music]
welcome to the opening ceremonies of the
games of the 23rd olympiad
at los angeles for the first time
in large numbers the people's republic
of china
they've always been a powerhouse country
no one had seen them in decades but now
they became world citizens
one of the most popular of all sports
stars in china
she was the best player in the world she
was the superstar
sure
[Applause]
does she understand the american culture
things got a little bit rough
[Applause]
[Music]
rhythm gold medal point for china
foreign
[Music]
okay
foreign
[Music]
be
people like to have something to believe
in
it's what everyone wants magic
stories have to come from somewhere
[Music]
we were expecting you an hour ago sorry
frank
this is miss lam your new guardian i
don't want him you've all got to do our
bit
[Music]
i'm supposed to go to school go on then
where is it this is frank
he's an evacuee from london
miss lamb i know you're busy writing
your stories
academic theses did they look very
interesting
i wrote them do you believe in heaven
yes well you shouldn't what happened to
all the people who died before the
christians
where did their souls go summerland
where is summerland it's a myth stories
have to come from somewhere
[Applause]
oh wait it's my dad's in 21 squadrons
well then what are you waiting for
why didn't you have a husband why don't
you have a wife
there was someone once
here we are so i say make the most of it
[Music]
was she the one you loved would you
think it was strange
no
it's frank here what is it his father
we just had the telegram
life is not kind anguish is inevitable
[Music]
what matters is how you deal with it
poor little lad having to bear it on his
own
he's not on his own
nobody knows how to be a parent are you
two
gosh you make quite a bear
[Music]
my mother died when i was seven years
old in a car accident
i saw it two months before it happened
jeremy in the flesh so how's life
it's day to day you know
i'm james angela i got a proposition for
you
i need you to do that thing you do in
that head of yours i need you to find
safe passage please
i saw my death i warned you tonight i
had no choice i needed the word
of course you had a choice it's not what
i saw
how long have you been like this that's
more of an affliction sadly
you make it sound like a disease
what about him saying that he saw the
hand off how many things are in that
guy's head
who knows what he saw we're not safe
here we go i thought you said you saw
this workout i did
and what happened i don't know right now
you've got to do everything in your
power to change this you've got to leave
now
[Music]
what's happening you're beginning to
fragment you drilled it into
my choices this is gonna be hard to
understand
maybe it's time you learned the truth
about your condition
[Music]
you